Hi everyone, let's learn together.
Python membership operators.
Membership operators are used to test if a sequence is presented in an object.
We have two operators.
The first operator in returns a true.
If a sequence with the specified value is present in the object.
The second operator, not in, returns true if a sequence with the specified value is not present in
the object.
Let's go to PyCharm and play with some code.
The operator in.
Let's execute this code.
The result.
It will be true because the specified value is in the list.
The result is true.
The second operator not in.
In this example.
The result.
It will be also true.
Why?
Because this specified value is not in the list.
And that's it for this video.